hi guys welcome to another episode of
the world to glory which a showdown
series we are on the final push mail and
I didn't expect to be showing you an
awesome team like this looking now
within farm Torres in seconding farm and
a fat and the rest of them so in this
episode we are going to be gone for a
few players the first one being juvie
we're going to upgrade him from a well
make him an upgrade from Ridgewell and
try and get rimmed to get an old gold
offense so in the first game we are
quite domineering in this game looking
like we luckily tallied stray away with
Lukaku who has been a live server and
I've recently built a sway team with him
in it our God is erp absolute legend so
I don't know how the that went in
but that was on girl first on goal I
think of the series and what an angle he
was we don't do things in half no we do
not so yet again in the 120 half minute
cuz his game went to extra-time Lukaku
sinks into the far corner to give us a
win and give us Giroux and there's a
little green tag to prove that we got
him so there we are we are only two
players away from making it an old gold
team and fingers crossed we will do that
soon so the next play out we are going
to go far is a play we went to get in a
previous episode and what in it is a
better check the helmet wearing monster
one of the best keepers in the Premier
League apart from Joe Hart who is also
an RP keeper but somehow with that
fundable from Fernando Torres we tear
the lead in the second game of the
episode but oh what a girl he scars with
Samuel letter to bring it back to 11
but we aren't finished there we are
going to cause some damage straight away
with a nice fluid football to daniel
pacheco who slots it in to a gaping net
and then we'd get another account with
attack a little bit of trickery and I
rub on that finish that's the closest
you will see to any skill done by me
especially as the way to series is
getting sweaty really really sweaty in
fact it's not even worth well it's not
even worth getting out of bed and
pulling Theo drew on for so he gets a
consolation goal and then we gotta make
it a photo with guru who we acquired in
the last game and paycheck is in our
grasp snow so we have two gold or grid
so far one beam pair check who is SAT
there in the net now anju room so the
third player we're going to go far is
another special guy really special in
fact and we're going to say we're going
to put Lukaku on the line for this and
fingers crossed we will get him as an
awesome up grid and that awesome upgrade
is as you can tell by the black ring
around the player graphic it is in farm
drogba now this game was played at a
farm o'clock in the morning after i just
woke up after being unable to sleep and
someone was willing enough to play me
for it which was a bit surprising so
I've been 25 minutes we will tune them
up floating away with their with the
lead no I have had some games against
this guy before and he is good now look
at the price tag of him as well 195 k
wager that is a highest we have sinned
in the stream and then to make it free
now we get a nice finish from Fernando
Torres to safely sealed drug bear into
our team but he does get a goal a goal
back maybe like I think he gets two
girls back he has a nice cross there
they're slaughtered him with Samir Nasri
and this is a penalty which somehow I
cannot remember how he got now and he
scores that but that is only a
consolation goal of Lukas Podolski and
we get him we are successful in getting
drug bit in the team so that is our free
in farms in the team one of them being a
second in farm now look at their strike
force that is a strike fast you want
isn't it it's amazing so for the third
and final game we are feeling looking so
further final fourth and final game
we're going to go for someone who was
available and will continue to evade us
it is John Terry can't keep in his pants
and luckily here we take the lead
against just right some of you may know
him as a youtuber body is a continent
little whore and I really hate playing
against them sorry it contains and then
he counter-attacks and he wins and he
takes my money it's just disgusting but
anyway we will give it to him if that's
how he wants to play we can complain so
we lost their for John Terry but we did
acquire some decent players in this
episode and I hope you guys are
something join it so there you are guys
there is the team as it looks now and
that's how we will start the next
episode often we do that so if we've
enjoyed this episode guys please give it
a like if you're not subscribed please
subscribe and comment in the section
below I will end to apply to ollie so
see you again guys thanks for watching
goodnight